docs: Update 01-go-client.md improving (#3790)
ignite/cli: docs/versioned_docs/version-v0.27.2/03-clients/01-go-client.md

This documentation provides information on how to use the `Client` type with
`Options` and `KeyringBackend`.

> ## Blockchain and Client app not on the same machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Blockchain and Client App Are on Different Machines
```

If the blockchain and the client app is not on the same machine replace ../blog with the github

> repository pointing to your blog github repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository pointing to your blog GitHub repository:
```

dependencies for your package

`go.mod` file:

```text title="blogclient/go.mod"
...
replace blog => github.com/<github-user-name>/blog v0.0.0-00010101000000-000000000000
...
```

and `main.go` file:

```go title="blogclient/main.go"
	// Importing the types package of your blog blockchain
	"github.com/<github-user-name>/blog/x/blog/types"
```
then update the dependencies again: 

```bash
go mod tidy
```

> ## Using the test keyring backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the Test Keyring Backend
```
